# My Goal
Its just to make a cool sounding patch, but I'll go in trying to make something that meows for fun.
## Part 1, Browsing SC SuperCollider Tweets
I opened a lot of the supercollider tweets but to be honest they were pretty indecipherable to me, there were so many nested functions that it gave me a headache. The one that I generally had an idea of how it worked was the computer snoring one, https://github.com/thormagnusson/sctweets/blob/master/sleep.scd by thormagnusson.
## Part 2, messing with parameters to try and see whats going on
I thought this would be pretty straight forward, my plan was to make the pink noise that was there into a cat hiss and the first part into a cat meow, but upon changing any value the whole thing broke and desynced. I really underestimated the effort put behind the tweet and my plan didn't seem doable with my current very limited understanding of SuperCollider.
## Part 3, Plan B **Make a Meow**
I first hopped on to logic and made a very basic sounding meow with a sine wave and an envelope, to get an idea for what I would need to do. I read up on the envelope function in the Supercollider doccumentation. I took a basic sin wave which I put into stereo into the prebuilt envelope function, and kept messing around with the parameters and almost made a meow, but I realized how basic this sound was and I didn't want to have my project just be a simple sine wave, so I decided to have some fun.
## Part 4, Make it interesting
 I looked at the various tweets again and I noticed a frequent use of the Line funciton, I didn't know until writing this doccumentation that it actually just draws a line but I copy and pasted it from one of them (I can't tell because i changed the values a lot after), and messed with it until it sounded weird. It kind of just distorted the sound a lot. I then thought about it sounding like the Extremely incorrect buzzer sound effect and thought that would be funny, and I knew that sound changed pitches over time, so I looked up the pitch shift function in the supercollider manual and copy pasted the example function. I messed with each one individually and then found out I wanted the sound to be way longer. I knew I needed to change the envelope function so I extended it way beyond where I had it before. I then noticed it kind of sounded like a generator starting! I then meddled with more of the values until I was satisfied.
 ## Part 5, 140 Characters
 I was at 154 after checking the length on WordCounter, this was a pretty simple fix as I could adjust the Envelope function again and make it have way less stages than it had before and it didn't hurt the sound all too much. My final count was a clean 134 Characters!
